# dive_app

A fully featured Dive application running on macOS.

App Title: `Dive Camera and Audio`
Bunlde identifier: `com.moonwink.divecamera`

## TODO

## Creating a new Dive app for macOS

1. $ flutter create dive_app --platforms=macos --template=skeleton
1. $ cd dive_app
1. $ flutter run
1. Add `dive_core` and `dive_ui` to your pubspec.yaml file.
1. $ dart pub get
1. $ flutter run
1. There should now be a Podfile generated by Flutter in the macos folder.
1. Open Xcode and load the Runner.xcworkspace file.
1. Select the Runner target, under the General tab. Change the Deployment Target to 10.13.
1. In section Signing & Capabilities, in the App Sandbox, check both Network boxes, 
Camera, Audio Input, USB, and in File Access set all to Read/Write.
1. In the Info section, add the Privacy keys for Desktop Folder, Camera, Microphone, Documents Folder,
and Downloads Folder, using the Value: `Used for video recording and streaming.`
1. $ flutter run --no-sound-null-safety
1. You will likely see this error:
```
Error waiting for a debug connection: The log reader stopped unexpectedly, or never started.
```
That means that after the app started, Flutter was not able to connect. You can still
run the app by running from Xcode.

1. Add to main.dart: `import 'package:dive_core/dive_core.dart';`

## Getting Started

This project is a starting point for a Flutter application that follows the
[simple app state management
tutorial](https://flutter.dev/docs/development/data-and-backend/state-mgmt/simple).

For help getting started with Flutter, view our
[online documentation](https://flutter.dev/docs), which offers tutorials,
samples, guidance on mobile development, and a full API reference.

## Assets

The `assets` directory houses images, fonts, and any other files you want to
include with your application.

The `assets/images` directory contains [resolution-aware
images](https://flutter.dev/docs/development/ui/assets-and-images#resolution-aware).

## Localization

This project generates localized messages based on arb files found in
the `lib/src/localization` directory.

To support additional languages, please visit the tutorial on
[Internationalizing Flutter
apps](https://flutter.dev/docs/development/accessibility-and-localization/internationalization)
